hi everyone I'm Jenny values and i am
here with my brother Justin gently
what's up Justin hi okay so haha and
what brings you here to hhi this year
well before you guys came to perform and
we're going to be performing tomorrow
and I also entered in all sauce
competition I got a eliminated really
really fast that is a little bit
unfortunate and how long have you been
coming to HH I for I've been coming to
HH I for almost five years now and it's
been a great experience seeing like all
these new my teens from around the world
and seeing teams come back especially
and like kill it like all over again is
that what brings you back to hhi every
year yeah so tell me I heard that you
got bucks for a job can he tell us a
little bit about it yeah apparently four
days ago I got a call from someone
touched my butt I got a call from
casting of step before and because I
auditioned like pretty lapine like a
month ago so I'm gonna be moving out to
Miami for three months and I'm gonna be
wanted I'm gonna be one of the dancers
and stuff before I gonna miss your
sister yeah and so how is India I heard
that poreotics came back a little bit
ago that's why we came back and after we
got back from India I had a really bad
stomach sickness I had that a bhangra
belly in indeed bhangra is Indian
dancing so I would call that bhangra
belly stop bhangra belly in my dancing
in my stomach yeah you know that there
was a big mac and um we had to make big
mac at McDonald's it's called the
chicken Maharaja it's like that even
beef it's like chicken and like curry
and stuff like that wasn't bad
and did you love India yeah of course
yeah I was dope I mean we're working
with an artist named Ganesh Ganesh heck
did he's like well he's like the i would
say kind of like the usher of india but
he's like the usher in like ten years of
india it's not like that and what was it
what was it for was a fair show was it
for a music video was music video yeah
so we were like nancy's music video I
think we were like the what no no I
think jun quemado was out there helping
him out so we're like the second group
of asians to help out an indian artist
and what else is poreotics been up to
lately well lately um poreotics has been
well we just got back from Germany for
urban dance camp and those that was like
an amazing experience being with all
that all like they're like craziest
dancers from the round the world and
right now we're over the next couple
months is we're going to be doing things
with Teen Choice Awards actually be
performing at the teen choice awards and
also we were if you guys don't know we
were nominated for the Bruno Mars lazy
song so we're actually going to be at
the VMAs this coming month so if you
guys see it check us out it's the time
for everyone to know that it was and so
tell me about your Bruno Mars video like
how was it how did it feel a worker
Bruno Mars what were you guys doing in
the video well we are basically all of
us choreograph the video and we were
just hiding behind the monkey mass it
was like a straight shot because you can
stop you saw the video was no editing so
like it's kind of funny because the
director was just like okay well what's
wait Sabrina comes here like or like
okay fine and then like we had we had
all we sent a little video to show them
like what we could do and like once
Bruno got there it was just like so what
do you guys will do and like has like a
hundred twenty million views of us just
and it took us like maybe like two hours
to mate to create that video like
choreographing on the spot and also with
old stuff like yo like 120 million boobs
and that is amazing first VMA
nominations that's because i know that's
flexing me yeah i was one of my moves
that was inspired from him anyways um
yeah so it's amazing right i mean we
only worked on it for two hours and then
it has a 120 million views
and who are you excited to see I HHR
this year um I have to get supports
instant noodles like they're like the
homies have been practicing with him for
like years so and like for them to be in
the top eight or top nine now top nine
it's like amazing for me because like
I've been seeing those guys grow like
constantly at all they've been getting
better even after ABDC so it's like you
know it's a lot of people on the show
who got to show they fall off like they
don't they just know they don't practice
anymore because I got so they're all big
up here like egos are all splitting so
you know it's it's a great thing to see
them and of course request holding it
down I'm excited to Philippine also I
haven't seen the set yet so I want to
check it out i mean i i've been in fan
of them since like two thousand seven so
see what happens and then what can we
expect to see in tomorrow's performance
from poreotics yeah I'll just say it's
gonna be I think you'll enjoy it it's
pretty fun performance it's a lot of a
mix of its a mix of old and new stuff I
think you're gonna like the new stuff
and there you have it stay tuned from
the values